feat(benchmarks/tailwind): Add a proper README and rename benchmarks to be clearer (#1083)
resendlabs/react-email: benchmarks/tailwind-component/README.md

# Bencharmks for the Tailwind component

This is a collection of `tinybench` benchmarks that we've written with the purposes of scientifically
determining the performance hits that the Tailwind component causes to try improving it.

## Structure

```
├── package.json
├── src
|  ├── emails
|  ├── benchmark-0.0.12-vs-local-version.ts
|  ├── benchmark-with-vs-without.ts
|  └── tailwind-render.ts
├── tailwind.config.js
└── tsconfig.json
```

Each direct descendant of `./src` is a benchmark we have for a specific purpose.

The only exception for this is the `./src/tailwind-render.ts` as it is used for making a
flamegraph on the rendering process of the Tailwind component.

> Inside of the emails folder we have a couple of emails we use across different benchmarks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `emails` folder contains examples to be used across different benchmarks.
```

## Running benchmarks

To avoid ESM problems, these benchmarks need to be compiled using `tsup`, 
which can be done by just running `pnpm compile`, to then be ran with node directly. 

They are each compiled into a different entry on the `./dist` folder with their respective names.

> To make this simpler we have scripts for each benchmark on our `./package.json` that you can try running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have scripts for each benchmark on our `./package.json` that you can try running:
```
